be, was, were, been.
Tom wants to be a teacher.
He was at a school last week to observe
the students, but they were not in class.
He's been studying hard since then
, but he hasn't been teaching
.
Have.
Had.
Anna likes to have pets.
She had a dog once, but it ran away.
She's had other pets, but none were as loyal.
Do.
Did.
Done.
Mike loves to do puzzles.
Last night, he did a 1 ,000 -piece puzzle.
He's done many, but this one took forever.
Go.
Went.
Gone.
Lucy wants to go on a trip.
She went to Paris last year.
Since then, she's gone on many adventures.
Get.
Got.
Gotten.
Sarah hopes to get good grades.
She got an A in math.
She's gotten more confident with each test.
Make.
Made.
Jake tries to make pizza.
He made one last night, but it burned.
He's made better ones before.
Take.
Took.
Taken.
Sam loves to take naps.
Yesterday, he took a long one.
He's taken so many naps that he feels
like a cat.
Come.
Came.
Sandra tries to come early to class.
Last week, she came too late.
She's come on time ever since.
See.
Saw.
Seen.
Juan doesn't like to see his mother -in -law.
She's always mad at him.
The other day when she saw him in the
kitchen, she tried to burn him.
He hasn't seen her since then.
No.
Knew.
Known.
Jack wants to know everything.
Last week, he knew all the answers in trivia
.
He's known as the smart guy ever since.